feature_detection/BenchMark.md, before:

# iarc_detection_modules
Detection Packages for IARC Mission 9   
Results of using SURF/SIFT/ORB as feature detectors   
Conclusions:-  
1)ORB give best results as it takes less time and gives more number of good matches at the same time.   
2)The best match is at (5,0.8,1.8)(where the text is actually at (5,0.7,1.8)).  
3)After y=2m,the text box is not detected well.  
SURF   
|Index     |No of Good matches    |Descriptor size   |time_taken(s)        |(x,y z)m in world frame|
|----------|----------------------|------------------|---------------------|-----------------------|
|1         |63                    |(29,64)           |0.011-0.030          |(5,2,1.8)              |
|2         |76                    |(398,64)          |0.020-0.040          |(5,1,1.8)              |
|3         |54                    |(465,64)          |0.025-0.040          |(5,0.8,1.8)            |

SIFT  
|Index     |No of Good matches    |Descriptor size   |time_taken(s)        |(x,y z)m in world frame|
|----------|----------------------|------------------|---------------------|-----------------------|
|1         |11                    |(22,128)          |0.054-0.075          |(5,2,1.8)
|2         |12                    |(95,128)          |0.055-0.070          |(5,1.5,1.8) 
|3         |12                    |(127,128)         |0.050-0.070          |(5,1,1.8)
|4         |12                    |(168,128)         |0.045-0.070          |(5,0.8,1.8)

ORB  
|Index     |No of Good matches    |Descriptor size   |time_taken(s)        |(x,y z)m in world frame|
|----------|----------------------|------------------|---------------------|-----------------------|
|1         |5                     |(11,32)           |0.004-0.009          |(5,2,1.8)
|2         |39                    |(300,32)          |0.005-0.012          |(5,1.5,1.8) 
|3         |72                    |(499,32)          |0.010-0.013          |(5,1,1.8)
|4         |94                    |(500,32)          |0.010-0.016          |(5,0.8,1.8)

Commit message:

Add results of ORB with FLANN matcher

feature_detection/BenchMark.md, after:

# iarc_detection_modules
Detection Packages for IARC Mission 9   
Results of using SURF/SIFT/ORB as feature detectors and BRUTEFORCE/ORB_FLANN as matchers    
Conclusions:-  
1)ORB with BRUTEFORCE matcher give best results with as it takes less time and gives more number of good matches at the same time.   
2)The best match is at (5,0.8,1.8)(where the text is actually at (5,0.7,1.8)).  
3)After y=2m,the text box is not detected well.  
SURF   
|Index     |No of Good matches    |Descriptor size   |time_taken(s)        |(x,y z)m in world frame|
|----------|----------------------|------------------|---------------------|-----------------------|
|1         |63                    |(29,64)           |0.011-0.030          |(5,2,1.8)              |
|2         |76                    |(398,64)          |0.020-0.040          |(5,1,1.8)              |
|3         |54                    |(465,64)          |0.025-0.040          |(5,0.8,1.8)            |

SIFT  
|Index     |No of Good matches    |Descriptor size   |time_taken(s)        |(x,y z)m in world frame|
|----------|----------------------|------------------|---------------------|-----------------------|
|1         |11                    |(22,128)          |0.054-0.075          |(5,2,1.8)
|2         |12                    |(95,128)          |0.055-0.070          |(5,1.5,1.8) 
|3         |12                    |(127,128)         |0.050-0.070          |(5,1,1.8)
|4         |12                    |(168,128)         |0.045-0.070          |(5,0.8,1.8)

ORB_BRUTEFORCE  
|Index     |No of Good matches    |Descriptor size   |time_taken(s)        |(x,y z)m in world frame|
|----------|----------------------|------------------|---------------------|-----------------------|
|1         |5                     |(11,32)           |0.004-0.009          |(5,2,1.8)
|2         |39                    |(300,32)          |0.005-0.012          |(5,1.5,1.8) 
|3         |72                    |(499,32)          |0.010-0.013          |(5,1,1.8)
|4         |94                    |(500,32)          |0.010-0.016          |(5,0.8,1.8)  

ORB_FLANN  
|Index     |No of Good matches    |Descriptor size   |time_taken(s)        |(x,y z)m in world frame|
|----------|----------------------|------------------|---------------------|-----------------------|
|1         |0                     |(11,32)           |0.007-0.011          |(5,2,1.8)
|2         |18                    |(300,32)          |0.010-0.019          |(5,1.5,1.8) 
|3         |33                    |(498,32)          |0.015-0.022          |(5,1,1.8)
|4         |68                    |(500,32)          |0.020-0.025          |(5,0.8,1.8)
